You can afford it.
I kneel down and apologize to you
Recognize you as a godfather
You have time to daydream.
Why don't you find a good class?
Let's take a gamble.
How to gamble
I love to gamble
What are you betting on?
Then bet if I can afford it
If I could afford it
I want you to get on your knees and apologize.
Don't worry, I don't like to leave your stuff alone.
If I can't afford it
Do whatever you want.
Mr. Li, he just wants to delay time
What's he doing?
I'll bet with you.
But I have to add a condition.
If you lose
I want this beautiful woman next to you to play with me for a day
Ok, I agree.
Xiaoya
No need, brother Tianze
This is our bet, why not agree?
Right?
Neither is that.
Good beautiful woman
Then you are ready
Spend this pleasant and unforgettable day with me
Chen Tianze
I'd like to see when you're going to install it.
It's just him, it looks okay
You're quite picky
This is the legendary No. 1 villa, worth 1 billion
So are you okay with your brain?
Chen Tianze
You know you have to avoid books for sure
So the jar was broken, right?
1 billion, it's too cheap
You swipe.